## 0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing

This folder contains projects and tasks for 0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing as part of ALX (Holberto School) Software Engineering Programme.

``mandatory tasks``

* [0-RSA_public_key.pub](https://github.com/j88moja-code/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/main/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/0-RSA_public_key.pub) -  a RSA key pair.
* [1-for_best_school](https://github.com/j88moja-code/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/main/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/1-for_best_school) - a Bash script that displays Best School 10 times.
* [2-while_best_school](https://github.com/j88moja-code/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/main/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/2-while_best_school) - a Bash script that displays Best School 10 times. Requirements: You must use the while loop (for and until are forbidden)
* [3-until_best_school](https://github.com/j88moja-code/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/main/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/3-until_best_school) - a Bash script that displays Best School 10 times. Requirements: You must use the until loop (for and while are forbidden)
* [4-if_9_say_hi](https://github.com/j88moja-code/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/main/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/4-if_9_say_hi) - a Bash script that displays Best School 10 times, but for the 9th iteration, displays Best School and then Hi on a new line. Requirements: You must use the while loop (for and until are forbidden); You must use the if statement
* [5-4_bad_luck_8_is_your_chance](https://github.com/j88moja-code/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/main/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/5-4_bad_luck_8_is_your_chance) - a Bash script that loops from 1 to 10 and: displays bad luck for the 4th loop iteration; displays good luck for the 8th loop iteration; displays Best School for the other iterations; Requirements: You must use the while loop (for and until are forbidden); You must use the if, elif and else statements
* [6-superstitious_numbers](https://github.com/j88moja-code/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/main/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/6-superstitious_numbers) - a Bash script that displays numbers from 1 to 20 and: displays 4 and then bad luck from China for the 4th loop iteration; displays 9 and then bad luck from Japan for the 9th loop iteration; displays 17 and then bad luck from Italy for the 17th loop iteration: Requirements: You must use the while loop (for and until are forbidden); You must use the case statement
* [7-clock](https://github.com/j88moja-code/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/main/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/7-clock) - a Bash script that displays the time for 12 hours and 59 minutes: display hours from 0 to 12; display minutes from 1 to 59; Requirements: You must use the while loop (for and until are forbidden)
	Note that in this example, we only display the first 70 lines using the head command.
* [8-for_ls](https://github.com/j88moja-code/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/main/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/8-for_ls) - a Bash script that displays:  ;The content of the current directory;  In a list format; Where only the part of the name after the first dash is displayed (refer to the example); Requirements: You must use the for loop (while and until are forbidden);  Do not display hidden files
* [9-to_file_or_not_to_file](https://github.com/j88moja-code/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/main/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/9-to_file_or_not_to_file) - a Bash script that gives you information about the school file. ; Requirements: ; You must use if and, else (case is forbidden) ; Your Bash script should check if the file exists and print: ; if the file exists: school file exists ; if the file does not exist: school file does not exist ; If the file exists, print: ; if the file is empty: school file is empty; if the file is not empty: school file is not empty; if the file is a regular file: school is a regular file; if the file is not a regular file: (nothing)
* [10-fizzbuzz](https://github.com/j88moja-code/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/main/0x04-loops_conditions_and_parsing/10-fizzbuzz) - a Bash script that displays numbers from 1 to 100. ; Requirements: Displays FizzBuzz when the number is a multiple of 3 and 5 ; Displays Fizz when the number is multiple of 3 ; Displays Buzz when the number is a multiple of 5 ; Otherwise, displays the number ; In a list format

``advanced tasks``

* [100-read_and_cut]() - a Bash script that displays the content of the file /etc/passwd. ; Your script should only display: ; username ; user id ; Home directory path for the user ; Requirements: ; You must use the while loop (for and until are forbidden)
* [101-tell_the_story_of_passwd]() - a Bash script that displays the content of the file /etc/passwd, using the while loop + IFS. Requirements: ; You must use the while loop (for and until are forbidden)
* [102-lets_parse_apache_logs]() - a Bash script that displays the visitor IP along with the HTTP status code from the Apache log file.
* [103-dig_the-data]() - a Bash script that groups visitors by IP and HTTP status code, and displays this data.
